hey what is going on everyone this I sir
and today i am bringing you a video
about Marty a script ok this crib or
this mod is the more creatures mod it is
actually a pretty simple mod but at the
same time it is school also so I will
show you what they have and they only
have three different creatures like a
mod and animals so they have two new
animals and one new mom ok so i'm going
to show you the animals first first of
all ok this is a chicken responded
chicken ok ok i'm using this tactic
sector right now but i use the mod
also install it at the same time so i
have both of them texture pack and also
de menthe ok ok so get a laggy because
it's getting dark ok um this is the
chicken and if you hold a slimeball you
can amazingly spawn a duck look BAM look
at that two yellow duck it is just
amazing looks pretty cool it's a
different mod and I mean it's a
different animal it's not a chicken foot
it drops same stuff like yeah drops
chicken and feather see the same stuff
but sounds pretty cool ok the second one
is pretty weird but it is actually
pretty cool also ok which is the same as
a cow ok this is gone okay sorry it's
dark and put some torches for you guys
can wait another one ok ok this is decal
to baby Kali we made it oh let me spawn
another one a cow ok that is the
detective Beck I'm sorry but if you hold
an insect and you tap it that appears
account with the DNT body it's kind of
girl it doesn't explore anything let me
hit it if it doesn't explode off but it
dropped the same thing it's just
different textures which is different
animals yeah I think it's kind of varied
but it is also cool also like that so we
have to duck and the DNT cow ok so let's
go to the most cool one which is the
same as the zombie pigmen that is why i
made a que chair which looks pretty
awesome put some torches there ok all
you need here is a compass a scattered
compass and look at this and be prepared
to be a mise Oh My look at that oh
they'll just look at that its n-terminal
but in a big in the zombie pigmen as can
I mean a character our body yeah I spawn
a bunch look at that look amazing that
is it looks pretty cool piece it's not
the same as the zombie penguin I mean
you can spawn another zombie pigmen here
it's not the same thing it's not out
different how do I say it but you can
spawn different kind like you can spawn
this one you can spawn a zombie pigmen
right here it doesn't combine together
but it functions the same as zombie
pigmen is even make the same sound but
actually grateful
yeah also when people join your server
people can't see it because you have to
install the mod how did icon get up okay
I'm scared now they are pretty powerful
same it like the zombie pigmen but I
think that is it for this video guys if
you want to try it out i will put the
download link down description below or
maybe the minecraft forming yeah i will
put an exclusive below so if you want to
check it out please go down there okay
so i think that is it for this video
guys thank you guys for watching don't
leave a thumbs up and subscribe say guys
you